Do you think television influenced your leisure time at all?
Well, not really.
No, it probably kept the children quiet for an hour
and that was the main reason you put it on,
but mostly it was for the news.
Because that's what we missed, I think.
You know, we used to go to the cinema to see what was happening on the news.
Like the 1956 floods and things?
I suppose we watched things like Coronation Street for a long time,
but the thing is that even then it doesn't matter if you miss a few episodes.
You know, we're not addicts to that extent,
but I don't know what else is on regularly.
Oh, I like things like Morse and the Minder and things like that,
rather than a lot of the programmes I don't actually sit and watch.
Heartbeat, yes.
And the Songs of Praise.
Yeah, you see, you mentioned some time about S4C.
Well, we had good S4C at one stage and then they came around and adjusted your set
and it still worked for a while.
But where we live in Coed Pwyth,
and this doesn't apply to the whole of Coed Pwyth,
our main television comes from the Midlands.
So people who only wanted Welsh television,
they've had to have special aerials pointing in a certain direction
and not necessarily getting a good picture.
Well, because you get a good picture on something else,
well, you stay to that, but I don't know what else happened.
I don't think we've ever been able to get S4C until it went digital
until it went digital and now it's a good signal.
Well, I haven't found it yet.
But BBC Wales, we can't get at all.
We get Granada and HTV or whatever it is.
ITV Wales, that's all right.
I, yes, well, I leave what the television in the dining room,
I leave that on ITV Wales so that I haven't got a fiddle with it.
But I have to scroll up and down to get BBC One Wales.
I've managed to get that, but so far I don't think I found BBC Two Wales.
But there are many people around me who have Sky for that reason.
So, but you see, it really does depend because I don't think David gets good reception.
Despite, you know, they had different aerials and they've tried.
Well, we've got two aerials, but as I say, it comes from over there.
I think the Bedwin Mountains stop anything.
They're supposed to put a new transmitter, but I'm sure it's on the whirrl.
I really don't know.
It's magic as far as I'm concerned.
They switch something on and it's on fair enough.
I mean, I watch Campton and things like that.
Of everything that you have seen on television,
what's made the greatest impression on you?
Probably somebody more.
Well, the Royal Functions, you know, we're a great one for ceremonial things
and you know, watch it and watch it and it's on all day and we.
The Queen's hat at the.
At the investiture.
I don't know what happened.
She normally has very nice hats, but that one was not.
Like a helmet.
Yeah, I don't know what else.
I suppose it's a bit like now you.
It's it's disasters that really, you know, you.
You take more notice and it's right there with you.
It's like Japan at the moment.
I mean, it was Christchurch a couple of weeks ago and I have a feeling you see,
I went to New Zealand a couple of years ago because my step-grandson is now living there
and I have a feeling that the hotel we stayed in is no longer there sort of thing and.
You're very thankful and it was.
That's when you went.
But they're all the other side of the world like Aberfan was here, wasn't it?